Explain domain service and its usage in command handler (#963)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/architecture/domain/cqrs.md

2. A `Command` describes a __single__ action. It DOES NOT perform it.
3. A `Command` receives only primitive types on input (int, float, string, bool and array).
4. For every `Command` there MUST be at least one `CommandHandler` whose role is to execute that `Command`.

> 5. A `CommandHandler` is just a port to a core, therefore it MUST NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the required [services](services.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. A `CommandHandler` is just a port to a core, therefore it MUST NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the required [services](services.md) instead.
```

Unless the domain logic is 4 lines long and is really unique? 😅

Author: yeah, but I don't think its worth adding it in docs, we will decide during PR, as such cases should be very rare :smile: 
I could only change MUST NOT -> SHOULD NOT maybe?

Reviewer: No you're right

Reviewer 2: SHOULD NOT is appropriate.
The CommandHandler is not "just a port", I'd rather define it as an intermediate controller.

> 5. A `CommandHandler` is just a port to a core, therefore it MUST NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the required [services](services.md) instead.

Reviewer 2: The link is invalid
```suggestion
5. A `CommandHandler` acts as a port to a Core, therefore it SHOULD NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the necessary [services]({{< relref "services" >}}) instead.
```

Author: idk what is the problem, but {{<relref "services" >}} produces this error `<.Site.GetPage>: error calling GetPage: page reference "/services" is ambiguous`. :man_shrugging: can it be simply `[services](../services)` ?

Reviewer 2: > can it be simply `[services](../services)` ?

No, you **must** use Hugo shortcodes to avoid dead links (Hugo checks the references and fails if the reference is invalid).

Try `{{< relref "/services" >}}`

Author: i suppose I've donesomething wrong with the menu tree, Ill figure it out thanks (seems that his way links are working in other pages)

> 5. A `CommandHandler` acts as a port to a Core, therefore it SHOULD NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the necessary [services](../services) instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. A `CommandHandler` acts as a port to a Core, therefore it SHOULD NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the necessary [services]({{< relref "/services" >}}) instead.
```

2. A `Command` describes a __single__ action. It DOES NOT perform it.
3. A `Command` receives only primitive types on input (int, float, string, bool and array).
4. For every `Command` there MUST be at least one `CommandHandler` whose role is to execute that `Command`.

> 5. A `CommandHandler` acts as a port to a Core, therefore it SHOULD NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the necessary [services]({{< relref "/domain-services" >}}) instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. A `CommandHandler` acts as a port to a Core, therefore it SHOULD NOT handle the domain logic itself, but orchestrate the necessary [services]({{< relref "./domain-services" >}}) instead.
```
